oh my God look at me waddle I look like
a hey hey what was that for that's a
pussy board we ain't got time for that
I'm a fuckin obese catfish I finna I
finna eat someone hey you're just
playing oh I've always wanted to lick
Azrael I'm allowed to bring that ass
here boy for one I'm going to lick do
you lose vision or can you see there's
light there's hidden tunnels in a duck's
vagina oh but why would an evolution
want them to get raped
wouldn't they that's the whole reason
why the the girl's vagina basically the
duck vagina evolves to not be raped
the guys to rape well I mean I think
it's part of like letting the females
pick we're going this is the problem
okay that was easy as fuck you're cute
thank you
oh Jesus here we go go kiddo hop in my
mouth are you proud of me Sonny nice
I got you why would you you don't leave
my stomach and tell I say you lay my
sake here mate no it's not it's nice and
comfortable all right I know of my
stomach looks like I'm I'm Tom clench
cock she's alone I can't I can't
[Music]
you